v1.2.0-beta.1 release (#1995)
vmware-tanzu/velero: changelogs/CHANGELOG-1.2.md

## v1.2.0-beta.1
#### 2019-10-24

### Download
- https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero/releases/tag/v1.2.0-beta.1

### Container Image
`velero/velero:v1.2.0-beta.1`

### Documentation
https://velero.io/docs/v1.2.0-beta.1/

### Upgrading

If you're upgrading from a previous version of Velero, there are several changes you'll need to be aware of:

> - Container images are now published to Docker Hub. To upgrade your server, use the new image `velero/velero:v1.2.0-beta1.`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Container images are now published to Docker Hub. To upgrade your server, use the new image `velero/velero:v1.2.0-beta.1`.
```

Author: thanks, fixed
